TeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy cmdlet docs (#10855)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/New-CsTeamsHiddenMeetingTemplate.md

---
Module Name: MicrosoftTeams
title: New-CsTeamsHiddenMeetingTemplate
author: boboPD
ms.author: pradas
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/teams/New-CsTeamsHiddenMeetingTemplate
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-CsTeamsHiddenMeetingTemplate

## SYNOPSIS

This cmdlet is used to create a `HiddenMeetingTemplate` object for use with the [New-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy](New-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy.md) and [Set-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy](Set-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy.md) cmdlets.

## SYNTAX

```powershell
New-CsTeamsHiddenMeetingTemplate -Id <string>  [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> Creates an object that can be supplied as `HiddenMeetingTemplate` to [New-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy](New-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy.md) and [Set-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy](Set-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy.md) cmdlets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates an object that can be supplied as `HiddenMeetingTemplate` to the [New-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy](New-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy.md) and [Set-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy](Set-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy.md) cmdlets.
```

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1

> Create a new hidden meeting template object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new hidden meeting template object:

```

```powershell
PS> $hiddentemplate_1 = New-CsTeamsHiddenMeetingTemplate -Id customtemplate_9ab0014a-bba4-4ad6-b816-0b42104b5056
```

> Creates a new HiddenMeetingTemplate object with the given template id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new HiddenMeetingTemplate object with the given template ID.
```

> For more examples on how this can be used, please check the examples at [New-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy](New-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more examples of how this can be used, see the examples for [New-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy](New-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy.md).
```
